shall/slash -> pfftt, bucku, deeve, immix, gynny, zorro
shall/slash -> pfftt, bucku, vivid, emmew, gynny, zorro
shall/slash -> pfftt, bucku, vivid, exeem/exeme, gynny, zorro
shall/slash -> pfftt, bucku, vivid, exeem/exeme, gynny, zorro
shall/slash -> pfftt, bucku, dewed, immix, gynny, zorro
shall/slash -> pfftt, bucku, dewed, xviii, gynny, zorro
shall/slash -> pfftt, bucku, jewed, immix, gynny, zorro
shall/slash -> pfftt, bucku, jewed, xviii, gynny, zorro
shall/slash -> pfftt, bucku, emmew, xviii, gynny, zorro
shall/slash -> pfftt, bucku, mewed, xviii, gynny, zorro
shall/slash -> pfftt, urubu, deeve, immix, gynny, zocco
shall/slash -> pfftt, urubu, vivid, weeke, gynny, zocco
shall/slash -> pfftt, urubu, vivid, emmew, gynny, zocco
shall/slash -> pfftt, urubu, vivid, exeem/exeme, gynny, zocco
shall/slash -> pfftt, urubu, vivid, exeem/exeme, gynny, zocco
shall/slash -> pfftt, urubu, keeve, immix, gynny, zocco
shall/slash -> pfftt, urubu, dewed, immix, gynny, zocco
shall/slash -> pfftt, urubu, dewed, xviii, gynny, zocco
shall/slash -> pfftt, urubu, jewed, immix, gynny, zocco
shall/slash -> pfftt, urubu, jewed, xviii, gynny, zocco
shall/slash -> pfftt, urubu, weeke, immix, gynny, zocco
shall/slash -> pfftt, urubu, weeke, xviii, gynny, zocco
shall/slash -> pfftt, urubu, ewked, immix, gynny, zocco
shall/slash -> pfftt, urubu, ewked, xviii, gynny, zocco
shall/slash -> pfftt, urubu, emmew, xviii, gynny, zocco
shall/slash -> pfftt, urubu, mewed, xviii, gynny, zocco
shall/slash -> pfftt, cruck, vivid, oxbow, gynny, jeeze
shall/slash -> pfftt, cruck, vivid, oxbow, gynny, mezze
shall/slash -> pfftt, durum, civic, oxbow, gynny, jeeze
shall/slash -> pfftt, durum, weeke, xviii, gynny, zocco
shall/slash -> pfftt, muruk, civic, oxbow, gynny, jeeze
shall/slash -> pfftt, muruk, vivid, oxbow, gynny, jeeze
shall/slash -> pfftt, muruk, dewed, xviii, gynny, zocco
shall/slash -> pfftt, muruk, dweeb/bedew, xviii, gynny, zocco
shall/slash -> pfftt, muruk, dweeb/bedew, xviii, gynny, zocco
shall/slash -> pfftt, muruk, jewed, xviii, gynny, zocco
